<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title>Wmlbrowser Options</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="chrome://help/skin/helpFileLayout.css"/>
  <style type="text/css"> .contentsBox { width: 90%; } </style>
</head>
<body>
<h1>Wmlbrowser options</h1>

<div class="contentsBox">In this section:
  <ul>
    <li><a href="#httpAccept">Tell web sites that the browser understands WML content</a></li>
    <li><a href="#loadingFiles">Loading WML files from the filesystem</a></li>
  </ul>
</div>

<p>Here are the options which you can set in wmlbrowser in version 0.7.</p>

<h2 id="httpAccept" name="httpAccept">Tell web sites that the browser understands WML content</h2>
<h3>What does this mean?</h3>
<p>Whenever you send a request for a page to the web, your browser sends
something called an Accept header, which says what kinds of content the browser
understands.</p>
<p>If you set this option, your browser will tell web sites that it understands WML.</p>
<p>This can cause the web server to send you a different page.</p>

<h3>What's the recommended setting?</h3>
<p>The best default setting for this is off. Turning it on may mean that you
get web pages which you weren't expecting, and it's been reported to break
Hotmail.</p>
<p>Firefox users can also change this setting by adding a "WML mode" button to
the toolbar. (Right-click on the toolbar and select "Customise", then drag
the WML button (mobile phone icon) onto the toolbar.)</p>
<p>SeaMonkey users can enable the button in the "wmlbrowser" section of the the
Preferences window.</p>

<hr width="50%" />

<h2 id="loadingFiles" name="loadingFiles">Loading files from the filesystem</h2>
<h3>What's the problem?</h3>

<p>By default, the wmlbrowser extension allows Mozilla/Firefox to load and
display WML pages from a web server. But if you have a file on your local disk
with a ".wml" extension, your browser doesn't know what to do with it.</p>

<p>If you select this option, your browser will know that a .wml file contains
WML content and will display it appropriately.</p>

<h3>What's the recommended setting?</h3>
<p>I recommend you leave this setting off unless you know that you need to
load WML files from your file system.</p>

</body>
</html>
<!-- vim: set encoding=utf-8: -->
